Add cleanup task (#1)
friemt/deployer-tasks: README.md

|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| template:check | checks the target system against the configuration and displays any differences |
| template:sync  | syncs the configuration to the target system, adding and updating files         |

## cleanup

Remove obsolete files and folders from older releases.

```php
# deploy.php
# ...

import('recipe/cleanup.php');
# or
import('task/cleanup.php');

# When using the task instead of the recipe, add the run task to the deployment manually:
after('deploy', 'cleanup:paths');
```

### variables

| variable      | description                                                           | default         |
|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|

> | cleanup_paths | A list of paths, relative to the release dir, that should be removed. | `['var/cache']` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cleanup_paths | A list of paths, relative to the release dir, which should be removed. | `var/cache` |
```

### tasks

| task          | description                                                                   |
|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | cleanup:paths | Checks every release for the configured paths and removes them if they exist. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cleanup:paths | Checks every release except current for the configured paths and removes them if they exist. |
```
